much searching this morning I finally
found sprinkles he was in the kitchen
again
and he made us something pretty exciting
so I'm gonna go game on and we're gonna
head to the kitchen all right so cute
okay guys like don't know if you're
ready for the cuteness behind me I went
and got mom and she was so excited for
what sprinkles did today
so we're unveiling what sprinkles has
done also guys the other days that he's
done things I haven't always filled it
cuz sometimes it's things that aren't
too exciting it's just cute little
things he's done so if you follow me on
Instagram Twitter or Facebook you'll be
able to see all of those pictures and
the links to all of that is down below
in the description box so anyway you
guys this is what sprinkle got up to
today sized pancakes and look he left a
syrup and the butters in the fridge I'm
so excited
and even put a little star cookie cutter
on top hey mom mom
show him how small there
we'll take this one right here look how
tiny it is it fits in the palm of my
hand oh it's so adorable they're gonna
taste so good that's syrup back there
thank you so much for the sprinkles
yummy breakfast guys so excited anyway
speaking of excited see those Christmas
lights back there that he decorated with
we are gonna go see Christmas lights
very soon probably this week sometime
pops is gonna take us cerfancy for
taking us to see Christmas lights in the
neighborhood like we did last year
there's this one house we passed all my
goodness guys you will not believe the
amount of decorations on this house it's
crazy pancake so anyway you guys